_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Welcome to my website! My name is Micah and I am currently looking for work on the west coast, ideally in my home state of CA. I have a BSc, MSc, and PhD in nuclear engineering, and I enjoy all sorts of technical work, including programming, algorithms, experiments, wrangling big data - the list is very long. I have spent the last 10 years doing scientific research, developing radiation sensors for nuclear security and safeguards applications. These sensors are some of the tools that law enforcement use to search for nuclear material being smuggled, or that inspectors use to verify arms control treaties. These tools are important, and they're also really cool, combining a lot of different flavors of engineering, such as nuclear physics, materials science, electronics, and computer science.

My time as a scientific researcher taught me numerous important skills, such as being able to digest large quantities of complex information from journal papers quickly, and being able to improvise when I hit an unexpected obstacle while performing an experiment. I've been extremely fortunate, having worked with brilliant and talented scientists at some of the top institutions in the country. They taught me a lot and I got to see some very cool stuff in the process - heavily guarded nuclear material storage and processing facilities, old reactors, new reactors, and a litany of world-class scientific experiments like LIGO.

Now, it's time to move on to something new, and to get back to my home state. I'm still open to private sector opportunities in detector development, for nuclear security or medical applications, however I'm interested in shifting to data science/engineering, where I can leverage the skills I picked up doing research. Skills, such as generating/storing/parsing/filtering large (10 TB+) data sets with multithreaded code and designing and then conducting experiments to test hypotheses. I also have a high attention to detail since, in academic research, all of my work was heavily scrutinized.

Outside of my work life, I enjoy running, craft beer, board and video games, hiking, and traveling.

Commit message:

Updated About and made media hyperlinks

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Welcome to my website! My name is Micah and I have a BSc, MSc, and PhD in nuclear engineering, and I enjoy all sorts of technical work, including programming, algorithms, experiments, wrangling big data - the list is very long. I have spent the last 10 years doing scientific research, developing radiation sensors for nuclear security and safeguards applications. These sensors are some of the tools that law enforcement use to search for nuclear material being smuggled, or that inspectors use to verify arms control treaties. These tools are important, and they're also really cool, combining a lot of different flavors of engineering, such as nuclear physics, materials science, electronics, and computer science.

My time as a scientific researcher taught me numerous important skills, such as being able to digest large quantities of complex information from journal papers quickly, and being able to improvise when I hit an unexpected obstacle while performing an experiment. I've been extremely fortunate, having worked with brilliant and talented scientists at some of the top institutions in the country. They taught me a lot and I got to see some very cool stuff in the process - heavily guarded nuclear material storage and processing facilities, old reactors, new reactors, and a litany of world-class scientific experiments like LIGO.

I recently started a new job in the Applied Nuclear Physics group at LBNL, as a Senior Scientific Engineering Associate, where I work on software and hardware development of portable, free-moving radiation sensors capable of producing 3D radiation maps of a scene. It's a lot of fun because I get to do a bit of everything - playing with electronics, writing code, and thinking about physics problems!

Outside of my work life, I enjoy running, craft beer, board and video games, hiking, and traveling.
